[Work In Progress] More complete moodles, small fixes, french traduction (#1)
xChillax/PZBetterMoodlesDescriptions: EN/Moodles_EN.txt

Moodles_EN = {
	-- Description of moodle:
	-- Endurance

> 	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl1 = "25%^ Exhausted<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-50% melee damage<br>-7% attack speed<br>+10% trip chance while vaulting<br>-5% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-19% speed<br>-2% frontal zombie attack blockage",

Reviewer: Where did you find the "-2% frontal zombie attack blockage"?

Author: in IsoGameCharacter.java

var2 defines the luck of blocking the attack

```java
         var2 += this.getWeaponLevel() * 3;
         var2 += this.getPerkLevel(PerkFactory.Perks.Fitness) * 2;
         var2 += this.getPerkLevel(PerkFactory.Perks.Strength) * 2;
         var2 -= this.getSurroundingAttackingZombies() * 5;
         var2 -= this.getMoodles().getMoodleLevel(MoodleType.Endurance) * 2;
         var2 -= this.getMoodles().getMoodleLevel(MoodleType.HeavyLoad) * 2;
         var2 -= this.getMoodles().getMoodleLevel(MoodleType.Tired) * 3;
```

Which means 3% per level of weapon (+30% on a "knifeDeath" event) + 2% per fitness lvl + 2% per strength lvl - 5% per zombies, -2% for each endurance/heavyLoad -3% foreach tired

Reviewer: Oh, nice find.
I'll suggest a rename however to make it easier to understand. 👍

	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl2 = "50%^ Exhausted<br>less foraging vision<br>-80% melee damage<br>-14% attack speed<br>+20% trip chance while vaulting<br>-10% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-37% speed<br>-4% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>can't sprint",
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl3 = "75%^ Exhausted<br>even less foraging vision<br>-90% melee damage<br>-21% attack speed<br>+30% trip chance while vaulting<br>-15% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-56% speed<br>-6% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>can't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise",

> 	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Exhausted<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>-28% attack speed<br>+40% trip chance while vaulting<br>-20% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br><br>-8% frontal zombie attack blockagecan't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise<br>can't use heavy weapons",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Exhausted<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>-28% attack speed<br>+40% trip chance while vaulting<br>-20% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br><br>-8% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>can't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise<br>can't use heavy weapons",
```

> 	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Exhausted<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>-28% attack speed<br>+40% trip chance while vaulting<br>-20% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br><br>-8% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>can't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise<br>can't use heavy weapons",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl1 = "25%^ Exhausted<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-50% melee damage<br>-7% attack speed<br>+10% trip chance while vaulting<br>-5% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-19% speed<br>-2% chance to block frontal zombie attacks",
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl2 = "50%^ Exhausted<br>less foraging vision<br>-80% melee damage<br>-14% attack speed<br>+20% trip chance while vaulting<br>-10% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-37% speed<br>-4% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>can't sprint",
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl3 = "75%^ Exhausted<br>even less foraging vision<br>-90% melee damage<br>-21% attack speed<br>+30% trip chance while vaulting<br>-15% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-56% speed<br>-6% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>can't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise",
	Moodles_endurance_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Exhausted<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>-28% attack speed<br>+40% trip chance while vaulting<br>-20% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br><br>-8% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>can't sprint<br>can't run<br>can't speed walk<br>can't exercise<br>can't use heavy weapons",
```

	-- Heavy load

> 	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl1 = "100%^ Over capacity<br>-5% crit. chance<br>-7% attack speed<br>+13% trip chance while vaulting<br>-8% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-19% speed<br>-2% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>slightly reduced endurance regen",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl1 = "100%^ Over capacity<br>-5% crit. chance<br>-7% attack speed<br>+13% trip chance while vaulting<br>-8% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-19% speed<br>-2% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>slightly reduced endurance regeneration",
```

> 	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl2 = "125%^ Over capacity<br>-10% crit. chance<br>-14% attack speed<br>+26% trip chance while vaulting<br>-16% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-37% speed<br>-4% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>reduced endurance regen<br>can't sprint",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl2 = "125%^ Over capacity<br>-10% crit. chance<br>-14% attack speed<br>+26% trip chance while vaulting<br>-16% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-37% speed<br>-4% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>reduced endurance regeneration<br>can't sprint",
```

> 	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl3 = "150%^ Over capacity<br>-15% crit. chance<br>-21% attack speed<br>+39% trip chance while vaulting<br>-24% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-56% speed<br>-6% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>impaired endurance regen<br>can't run<br>can't exercise<br>losing HP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl3 = "150%^ Over capacity<br>-15% crit. chance<br>-21% attack speed<br>+39% trip chance while vaulting<br>-24% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-56% speed<br>-6% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>impaired endurance regeneration<br>can't run<br>can't exercise<br>losing HP",
```

> 	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl4 = "175%^ Over capacity<br>-20% crit. chance<br>-28% attack speed<br>+52% trip chance while vaulting<br>-32% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br>-8% frontal zombie attack blockage<br>loses endurance<br>can't run<br>can't exercise<br>losing HP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl1 = "100%^ Over capacity<br>-5% crit. chance<br>-7% attack speed<br>+13% trip chance while vaulting<br>-8% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-19% speed<br>-2% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>slightly reduced endurance regeneration",
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl2 = "125%^ Over capacity<br>-10% crit. chance<br>-14% attack speed<br>+26% trip chance while vaulting<br>-16% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-37% speed<br>-4% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>reduced endurance regeneration<br>can't sprint",
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl3 = "150%^ Over capacity<br>-15% crit. chance<br>-21% attack speed<br>+39% trip chance while vaulting<br>-24% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-56% speed<br>-6% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>impaired endurance regeneration<br>can't run<br>can't exercise<br>losing HP",
	Moodles_heavyload_desc_lvl4 = "175%^ Over capacity<br>-20% crit. chance<br>-28% attack speed<br>+52% trip chance while vaulting<br>-32% chance of climbing over tall fences<br>-75% speed<br>-8% chance to block frontal zombie attacks<br>loses endurance<br>can't run<br>can't exercise<br>losing HP",
```

	-- Tired

> 	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl1 = "60%^ Tired<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-50% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases<br>vision decreases<br>awareness decreases<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>slow endurance regaind<br>-3% frontal zombie attack blockage",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl1 = "60%^ Tired<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-50% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases<br>vision decreases<br>awareness decreases<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>slow endurance regain<br>-3% frontal zombie attack blockage",
```

	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl2 = "70%^ Tired<br>less foraging vision<br>-80% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases more<br>vision decreases more<br>awareness decreases more<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>slower endurance regain<br>-6% frontal zombie attack blockage",
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl3 = "80%^ Tired<br>even less foraging vision<br>-90% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases even more<br>vision decreases even more<br>awareness decreases even more<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>even slower endurance regain<br>you can sleep despite high pain<br>-9% frontal zombie attack blockage",

> 	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Tired<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>awful accuracy<br>very decreased vision<br>can't see behind you<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>can't regain endurance<br>you can sleep despite high pain<br>-12% frontal zombie attack blockage",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl1 = "60%^ Tired<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-50% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases<br>vision decreases<br>awareness decreases<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>slow endurance regain<br>-3% chance to block frontal zombie attacks",
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl2 = "70%^ Tired<br>less foraging vision<br>-80% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases more<br>vision decreases more<br>awareness decreases more<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>slower endurance regain<br>-6% chance to block frontal zombie attacks",
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl3 = "80%^ Tired<br>even less foraging vision<br>-90% melee damage<br>accuracy decreases even more<br>vision decreases even more<br>awareness decreases even more<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>even slower endurance regain<br>you can sleep despite high pain<br>-9% chance to block frontal zombie attacks",
	Moodles_tired_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Tired<br>worse foraging vision<br>-95% melee damage<br>awful accuracy<br>very decreased vision<br>can't see behind you<br>increased muscle stiffness<br>can't regain endurance<br>you can sleep despite high pain<br>-12% chance to block frontal zombie attacks",
```

	-- CantSprint
	Moodles_CantSprint_desc = "heavy clothing, bags, or items are slowing you down!<br>can't sprint",
	-- Thirsty
	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl1 = "12%^ Thirsty<br>no effects",

> 	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl2 = "25%^ Thirsty<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-35% healing<br>body heat increase",
> 	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl3 = "70%^ Thirsty<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-65% healing<br>body heat increases fast",
> 	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl4 = "84%^ Thirsty<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-100% healing<br>body heat quickly increases<br>losing HP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl2 = "25%^ Thirsty<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-35% health regeneration<br>body heat increase",
	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl3 = "70%^ Thirsty<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-65% health regeneration<br>body heat increases fast",
	Moodles_thirst_desc_lvl4 = "84%^ Thirsty<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-100% health regeneration<br>body heat quickly increases<br>losing HP",
```

	-- Hungry
	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl1 = "15%^ Hungry<br>15% more chance of finding food while foraging",

> 	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl2 = "25%^ Hungry<br>25% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-15% body heat<br>-35% healing",
> 	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl3 = "45%^ Hungry<br>45% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-35% body heat<br>-60% healing",
> 	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl4 = "70%^ Hungry<br>50% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-50% body heat<br>-100% healing<br>losing HP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl2 = "25%^ Hungry<br>25% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-15% body heat<br>-35% health regeneration",
	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl3 = "45%^ Hungry<br>45% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-35% body heat<br>-60% health regeneration",
	Moodles_hungry_desc_lvl4 = "70%^ Hungry<br>50% more chance of finding food while foraging<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-50% body heat<br>-100% health regeneration<br>losing HP",
```

Author: health regen wording

	Moodles_angry_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Angry<br>no effects",
	-- Stress
	Moodles_stress_desc_lvl1 = "10%^ Stressed<br>foraging vision reduced",
	Moodles_stress_desc_lvl2 = "25%^ Stressed<br>less foraging vision<br>-0.1 damage<br>unhappiness increase",
	Moodles_stress_desc_lvl3 = "50%^ Stressed<br>even less foraging vision<br>-0.2 damage<br>unhappiness increases fast",

> 	Moodles_stress_desc_lvl4 = "75%^ Stressed<br>worse foraging vision<br>-0.3 damage<br>unhappiness quickly increases",

Reviewer: Revert these since it makes it unclear as people are used to percentages not scaling values, which is also what you pointed out earlier in your first changes.
A float value of 0.10 in a multiplication equals 10%, but the latter is easier to grasp.

Author: it does not go through a multiplication though, hence the modification, it's a flat change in weapon damage

Author: well it does get multiplied by other stuff, but it's the damage of the weapon who gets substracted then multiplied by other damage reducing factors ( that's my understanding of the piece of code )

Cf SwipeStatePlayer lines 1393 (declaration of var 34, which gets pretty complicated)

Modificators are first applied lines 1466-1481 to apply traits modification (underweight ...)
Moodles are then applied lines 1507-1519 and are substraction of the raw damage value
At this step the dmg is set to be at least 0.1 (so that hitting a zombie can't do nothing if it suceeds)
Additionnal moodles for melee are then applied lines 1536-1577 as multiplicator for Tired/Endurance to take effect
Meaning at that stage the minimal damage dealt is 0.1*0.05*0.05 (if you're max tired, and with no stamina)
There are some more math after that but I was not patient enough to try to understand what the hell all those variables are

Author: this means, the damage is in fact reduced by 0.1 and not 10%, because 10% could be much more than 0.1 (or much less)

Reviewer: I went to check, and that seems to be correct. Up to that point it kinda just slowly checks and scales, then subtracts and adds small values to the variable, makes sure it never goes under 0.1, then scales it, does the "hitbox" calculation, and eventually... randomizes it based on another value related to defense??? Honestly, no shame that you stopped calculating, haha.

And after reading all of those mistakes you pointed out, once again, this is another reason why I shouldn't do things at like 3 AM. LOL

But again, it is appreciated that you went through the effort of double and triple-checking things that I missed, more heads always help to think and get feedback.

	-- Panic
	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl1 = "6%^ Panicked<br>foraging vision reduced<br>-1,3% crit. chance<br>worse reload time<br>worse reload speed<br>worse rack time",

> 	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl2 = "30%^ Panicked<br>less foraging vision<br>-2,6% crit. chance<br>-0.1 melee damage<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",

Reviewer: Revert this.

Author: Already answered previously. As far as I understand the code, -10% is false it's really -0.1 to how much damage you do which is totally different. The only % modificator in the weapons damage are caused by Endurance/Tired/Underweight/VeryUnderweight/Emaciated

> 	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl3 = "65%^ Panicked<br>even less foraging vision<br>-3,9% crit. chance<br>damage -0.2 melee, -0.4 distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",

Reviewer: Could you elaborate on what "<6 aiming" means?

```suggestion
	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl3 = "65%^ Panicked<br>even less foraging vision<br>-3,9% crit. chance<br>-%20 melee damage, -%40 view distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",
```

Author: <6 aiming is for the perk, the  reduction only takes place if you're <6 at the aiming perk

```java
                  if (var2.isRanged() && var1.getPerkLevel(PerkFactory.Perks.Aiming) < 6 && var1.getMoodles().getMoodleLevel(MoodleType.Panic) > 2) {
                     var34 -= (float)var1.getMoodles().getMoodleLevel(MoodleType.Panic) * 0.2F;
                     MoodlesUI.getInstance().wiggle(MoodleType.Panic);
                  }
```

For the change in % I still do not agree as, I believe it to be false (answered about it before)

Reviewer: That seems right.
I'll suggest rewording it then since it was a bit unclear (will post the new review soon).

> 	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl4 = "80%^ Panicked<br>worse foraging vision<br>-5,2% crit. chance<br>-0.3 melee damage, -0.6 distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>vision narrows<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl4 = "80%^ Panicked<br>worse foraging vision<br>-5,2% crit. chance<br>-%30 melee damage, -%60 view distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>vision narrows<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",
```

Author: same as above i'd say as well it's not 60% reduction but a flat -0.6 to however damage the weapon does

> 	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl3 = "65%^ Panicked<br>even less foraging vision<br>-3,9% crit. chance<br>damage -0.2 melee, -0.4 distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",
> 	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl4 = "80%^ Panicked<br>worse foraging vision<br>-5,2% crit. chance<br>-0.3 melee damage, -0.6 distance (<6 aiming)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>vision narrows<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",

Reviewer: Oooh, I went ahead and read how the calculation was done and by "distance" you meant "ranged" damage, which makes sense now.

```suggestion
	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl3 = "65%^ Panicked<br>even less foraging vision<br>-3,9% crit. chance<br>-0.2 melee damage<br>-0.4 ranged damage (if aiming level is below 6)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",
	Moodles_panic_desc_lvl4 = "80%^ Panicked<br>worse foraging vision<br>-5,2% crit. chance<br>-0.3 melee damage<br>-0.6 ranged damage (if aiming level is below 6)<br>gets up from sitting faster<br>vision narrows<br>worse knockback<br>worse knockdown chance<br>worse accuracy<br>worse reload time and speed<br>worse rack time",
```

	Moodles_hasacold_desc_lvl3 = "60%^ cold strength<br>sneezes and coughs often<br>-20% speed<br>-20% healing",
	Moodles_hasacold_desc_lvl4 = "75%^ cold strength<br>sneezes and coughs a lot<br>-35% speed<br>-35% healing",
	-- Sickness

> 	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl1 = "25%^ Incidence<br>foraging vision reduced<br>small body heat increase<br>might lose HP (poison, zombification)",
> 	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl2 = "50%^ Incidence<br>less foraging vision<br>body heat increase<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-10% healing<br>might lose HP (poison, zombification)",
> 	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl3 = "75%^ Incidence<br>even less foraging vision<br>high body heat increase<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-20% healing<br>might lose HP (poison, zombification)",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl1 = "25%^ Incidence<br>You are poisoned or zombifying<br>foraging vision reduced<br>small body heat increase<br>might lose HP",
	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl2 = "50%^ Incidence<br>You are poisoned or zombifying<br>less foraging vision<br>body heat increase<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>-10% healing<br>might lose HP",
	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl3 = "75%^ Incidence<br>You are poisoned or zombifying<br>even less foraging vision<br>high body heat increase<br>-2 carrying capacity<br>-20% healing<br>might lose HP",
```

Author: This wasn't what I was going for and I might have missunderstood something so I might revert this. The -% healing number are false to i'll update them (they're the same as Thirsty / Hungry)

> 	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Incidence<br>worse foraging vision<br>higher body heat increase<br>-3 carrying capacity<br>loses HP",

Reviewer: Unless this was changed, from what I remember, even at 100% I think from food poisoning? you didn't lose HP, which is why they say "might lose HP".

```suggestion
	Moodles_sick_desc_lvl4 = "90%^ Incidence<br>You are poisoned or zombifying<br>worse foraging vision<br>higher body heat increase<br>-3 carrying capacity<br>might lose HP",
```

Author: I'll revert this

Author: I believe it might have change because sickness 4 Doesn't remove/reduce health regeneration. Which makes no sense unless it triggers hp decreases I'll look into that

Author: e2b9f207cc1fae16300d04759e0db80bb3c268f3

	-- Injured
	Moodles_injured_desc_lvl1 = "80%v HP<br>no effects",
	Moodles_injured_desc_lvl2 = "60%v HP<br>-1 carrying capacity",
	Moodles_injured_desc_lvl3 = "40%v HP<br>-2 carrying capacity",
	Moodles_injured_desc_lvl4 = "25%v HP<br>-3 carrying capacity",
	-- Pain
	Moodles_pain_desc_lvl1 = "10%^ in Pain<br>foraging vision reduced<br>+5% trip chance while vaulting",

> 	Moodles_pain_desc_lvl2 = "20%^ in Pain<br>less foraging vision<br>+10% trip chance while vaulting<br>-15% attack damage<br>-15% attack speed<br>-15% speed<br>can't sleep",

Reviewer: Nice catch. lol

	Moodles_bleed_desc_lvl3 = "three parts of your body are bleeding<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>losing HP fast",
	Moodles_bleed_desc_lvl4 = "four or more parts of your body are bleeding<br>-1 carrying capacity<br>quickly losing HP",
	-- Hyperthermia

> 	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl1 = "temperature 37.5°C<br>you get tired more easily<br>thirst increase",
> 	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl2 = "temperature 39°C<br>you get tired more easily<br>thirst increases more<br>-34% attack speed<br>-34% speed",
> 	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl3 = "temperature 40°C<br>you get tired more easily<br>thirst increases fast<br>-67% attack speed<br>-67% speed",
> 	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl4 = "temperature 41°C<br>you get tired more easily<br>thirst quickly increases<br>-90% attack speed<br>-100% speed<br>losing HP",

Reviewer: I believe that this scales depending on your temperature.

```suggestion
	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl1 = "temperature 37.5°C<br>you get tired faster<br>thirst increase",
	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl2 = "temperature 39°C<br>you get tired even faster<br>thirst increases more<br>-34% attack speed<br>-34% speed",
	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl3 = "temperature 40°C<br>you get tired even more faster<br>thirst increases fast<br>-67% attack speed<br>-67% speed",
	Moodles_hyperthermia_desc_lvl4 = "temperature 41°C<br>you get tired quickly<br>thirst quickly increases<br>-90% attack speed<br>-100% speed<br>losing HP",
```
